I've been following the issue of chemtrails
for more than a decade now, and have seen
little progress toward public disclosure of the phenomena.
We can see them, we've read about them,
we debate them with friends and family,
but there's still no official explanation.
So I seized the opportunity to speak with
G. Edward Griffin of Reality Zone
and Unfiltered News about the chemtrails.
About what we need to know about them,
and what we can do about them.
I'm so glad we finally had a chance to meet, Ed.
I've been a fan of your site for a long time now,
and we actually repost a lot of your stuff,
just so you know that.
That's good, thank you.
And you can talk to a variety
of subjects, of course you're very, very
well known with your work regarding
the Federal Reserve and cancer.
Another thing you've come out with recently
has been on chemtrails, and I have
waited six years now to talk with
someone on camera about chemtrails.
I was studying it myself in some depth,
because we were being heavily sprayed
when I lived in Sedona, Arizona,
and kept running into one roadblock after another,
and I ended up waiting until I could
talk to someone credible on it.
Well, thank you.
It's a very important topic, isn't it?
It is, and so first of all,
for anyone who is not already clear on what these
things are, just go ahead and give your best
description of them, and then we'll
start going into the composition,
the politics, and everything else.
Well that's quite a path.
It's really not so complicated.
The fact of the matter is that we are being sprayed.
And that's very hard to get past that first
most observable fact, because a lot of people
cannot believe that someone, whoever that is,
would be spraying the population without
notifying everybody.
And they say, "Oh, what is this, a conspiracy theory?"
Or something like that, so that you've got this block,
this barrier that just seems to be incredible.
But the fact is that we can prove it very easily
that they are spraying us, so the question really is
what are they spraying on us, and why?
Those are the only real issues.
Now, we have to first, any documentary,
or report on this topic proves that they
are, in fact, spraying.
So, I think that the first thing that people need
to get clear, what I had to get clear in my mind first,
is that, are you sure that this isn't just
plain old contrails?
That's the thing you hear quite often.
Oh, don't worry about it.
It's just a natural phenomenon.
It's just the water vapor coming out of the
engine so super hot, and then it gets into
the cold temperatures and it turns into ice crystals,
and that's what you see.
And that's all we're looking at, they say,
so don't get worried about it.
So the first thing I had to do is to say, is this true?
Well, it is true that there are such things as contrails,
and what they say is true about how they form
and so forth, but that's where the reality stops,
because what you see in the sky is, in many cases
today, is not a contrail at all,
because a contrail is pretty easy to identify.
First of all, it leaves the plane, if it's coming
out of the engine, which true contrails are,
it leaves the plane and it doesn't really
form into ice crystals until it's traveled
a little distance, because it's super hot
when it comes out, so it takes a moment,
a second or two, for it to get frozen in those
super cold temperatures at the high elevation.
So what you see typically is this little
gap following the engines, and then
you see the billow of smoke,
then what you see is that smoke or that vapor trail
dissipates, it's absorbed into the atmosphere,
in particular into the higher atmosphere.
It looks like a matchstick.
Yeah it just follows along the plane.
Yeah, little matchstick.
And it's a natural phenomenon because
at the higher atmosphere, there's very little moisture.
The water is heavy and it tends to go down,
so the higher you go the less moisture you have.
And for these things to exist, you have to have moisture.
The moisture comes out of the engine at first,
but then it dissipates and it's rapidly absorbed
into the dry air and then it disappears.
A true contrail, and you can see them, they
just follow along right after the plane
and how far it follows, it's hard to say,
but generally I'd say about a half a mile.
Or less.
From our view, it's quite short.
Just a little thing and it follows the plane.
But the chemtrails are something entirely different.
For one thing, in many cases we have video evidence
of it's not coming from the engines at all.
It's coming from somewhere else on the plane.
Sometimes it appears to be the fuselage,
sometimes it appears to be off the surfaces of the wings,
and so forth.
And of course the naysayers say,
"Well if it comes off of the surfaces of the wings
"it's probably a vortex or something like that."
So they've always got some rational plausible denial.
I might comment on that now because
some of your viewers are gonna hear this.
It's just a vortex.
It's true when planes are coming in at a steep dive
and they change directions or there's a
if a plane is going through the sound barrier
you can see the puff of smoke,
'cause the compression of the air travel is so great
it literally squeezes the moisture out of the air.
You see this puff of cloud.
But this is only under conditions of high performance
where there's great deal of stress on the wings
on the planes.
These planes are just flying along,
there's no vortex at all there.
You gotta get clear in your mind as to what
causes a true contrail before you can really make
a judgment.
So I think the people are trying to hide this.
I don't say that easily.
I think they are trying to hide it.
They like to play upon people's lack of knowledge
of what the real phenomenon is.
The point is that there are such things
as real contrails, but what we're looking at
and what we're worried about today is
something entirely different.
This comes out and it doesn't dissipate.
And disappear into the atmosphere.
It doesn't follow along and disappear.
This goes from plane to horizon, horizon to horizon.
And billows out and you get pass after pass after pass.
And then sometimes they come at right angles
and 45 degree angles.
It's like tic tac toe.
It's like tic tac toe and they're covering the sky.
These are not normal flight patterns, by the way.
If you can get airline maps you see this plane
goes here, that one goes there,
and when you look up, those are not
regular flight patterns.
These are not.
Right.
And you know, these big planes have to follow highways.
It's just like driving a car.
The air controllers give them a certain highway to follow
and if it's east to west it's on this track,
if it's north to south it's on this track.
So you can't just fly all over the sky,
unless you're military.
Okay.
That tells you something right there.
We know that they're spraying something,
and the question is why and what?
I think the best way to answer that
is to first think why would they want to?
It's not hard to find a rationale for doing that
because for some time now, there have been a group
of people, mostly scientists and engineers
talking about the need to alter the atmosphere
of the planet.
They call it geo-engineering.
They want to engineer the planet,
they want to change it from its natural state
to something that they think in their insanity
they think they're going to improve on it.
They wanna change the weather.
They wanna stop global warming.
Or they want to direct hurricanes away from cities
or they're going to cause rain to increase the crop
performance.
All this stuff.
They always have a good reason.
I believe that the real reason has nothing to do
with these humanitarian objectives.
But nevertheless, they have an explanation
that seems plausible if you don't want to be
questioning about it.
But it all boils down to the fact that they're talking about
the great advantage of spraying in the atmosphere.
And they say, what should we spray in order
to reflect the heat from the sun and all these things?
They say, aluminum would be good.
Barium would be good.
Strontium would be good.
They tell you what chemicals they have researched
and they think should be sprayed.
(laughs)
Okay.
They always talk about it as though maybe someday
we're going to do it, you know?
What they're really doing is creating the sales script
to convince the people that it's a good idea
so that when they finally find out that this has
been going on for a long time, well that's good.
Truth of the matter is it has been going on
for a long time.
Insert right here, how long to your knowledge
has this been going on?
To my knowledge, there's one thing
but the evidence that I've seen
is been going on for about 20 years.
I have not been aware of it for 20 years.
I've been aware of it for about maybe 14, 15 years
something like that.
I do believe it didn't start full-blown, you know.
It takes a lot of airplanes, a lot of tankers,
a big operation, so it probably started slow
and ramped up.
It looks like it's been going on for about 20 years now.
What's interesting is that
in putting a time date on it,
is even looking at films, like old films,
you'll see films from the 50s, 60s, 70s,
you never see this in the sky.
But again, like you say, maybe 15 years ago, 10 years ago,
you started seeing noticeable chemtrails in the scenes
in Hollywood films.
And we have some interesting clips in our
collection, we're going to put it in the documentary
and decided not to do so mainly because
we didn't want the documentary to be too long.
But there are some classic movies
that go back to much longer than this.
I don't know the date.
But there are even black and white movies, you know.
You look at the colorized version.
You know they've been digitally enhanced.
And they've got chemtrails.
But you look at the original version, no chemtrails.
They have actually added chemtrails--
To make you think it's been there consistency.
Oh, no, that's funny.
Isn't this incredible?
It's draconian.
It's not right.
It's draconian, it's not right.
It's incredible.
Oh my god.
Really?
It really gets bizarre, you think you've fallen
down the rabbit hole.
I've never heard that one.
I thought I'd heard a lot of it, but not that one.
Yeah.
It's a big story.
Anyway, little bit off the track.
So they're talking about having to spray aluminum
primarily, and barium and strontium,
to bring about these wonderful effects that they
say we should have to improve the planet.
To engineer the planet.
Now we fast forward to a few years ago
when we started to do our own research.
We decided to do samples of the water
and of the snow.
See what's in this stuff.
Wouldn't you know, aluminum, barium, and strontium.
And exceedingly high concentrations.
It is true that aluminum is a very ubiquitous
element in the earth.
Aluminum is everywhere.
But not in the form they're finding it.
Aluminum goes in combination.
Aluminum oxide, aluminum this and that that thing.
They way they're finding it now in the snow,
this isn't the soil, the snow, means it came from the sky.
Is huge quantities, in fact they did a sample
at Mount Shasta, you may remember that was
in film.
Mount Shasta is a remote pristine area
of Northern California, there is no industrial activity
within hundreds of miles, they've already determined that
the pollution is not coming from Japan across the ocean.
All of the things that the naysayers would say,
"Well probaby from that."
None of those things are applicable and yet
the concentration of aluminum in the snow
up on Mount Shasta compared to what it was
20 years ago, because they have the readings
from 20 years ago, zero 20 years ago.
Now it's like 6000 times higher than what is safe to drink.
Up at the top of Mount Shasta.
It has to come from the sky, missy.
And this what we're breathing in.
And that's what we're breathing, that's what we're
getting in the water.
In the food.
Water melts, where does the Mount Shasta snow go?
Goes down into Sacramento River,
goes down, a lot of people got their drinking water,
and so forth.
Talking about that fish population.
Fish population, what happened to those poor fish?
They're getting poisoned.
But now we're getting ahead of the story
as to the consequences of this.
The first thing we have to do is be sure that
are they spraying?
And yes, they are spraying!
We know what they're spraying.
Aluminum, barium and strontium.
There may be other things that we haven't looked at.
I suspect there might be other things,
but we haven't gotten there yet.
Maybe with further research we can do that.
And then you finally come to the really bad question.
Why are they doing it?
Their answer is that they're doing it for us.
They're the good guys, you see.
They're trying to stop global warming.
And service to humanity.
And service to humanity, exactly.
Well I know this isn't the place to go into
the global warming myth as I call it,
but just for the record, I don't think it's real.
I think it's all a manufactured scare thing
to convince people to accept carbon trading
and all this taxation and government regulations.
Scare us into that.
Nevertheless, even if you grant that there
is global warming, and even if you believe that
that is something that's a danger to the planet,
the cure is much worse.
Their cure of spraying all this toxic stuff on us
it's not only ruining the planet,
it's killing plant life, it's changing the soil alkalinity,
it's making it too alkaline.
The plants in the Western hemisphere
like acidic soils.
All of our crops like acidic soils.
The forests like acidic soils.
There are parts of the world where that's not true,
they're more alkaline.
But in this part of the world, all acidic.
Those soils are gradually being shifted
so they're less and less acidic and more and more alkaline.
Crops are beginning to suffer from that.
Trees are beginning to die.
I was just going to ask you, yes.
So they're ruining the planet
and it's also getting into the water.
The fish are not surviving.
It's killing the little microorganisms that the fish eat.
And therefore the fish are not eating enough,
they're starving.
We've got all of this documented.
It's killing the fish supply.
It's going up the food chain, in other words.
We're of course at the top of the food chain.
And it will have a profound effect on us.
Let's talk about of the known effects of aluminum,
barium, strontium on the human body.
I think everyone knows by now that aluminum
is the main culprit here, is a major factor in Alzheimer's
disease.
Aluminum gets into the neurons and it
as I've come to understand it, it's kind of
the layman's understanding, but nevertheless makes sense,
is that it gets into the synapses in the nerve endings
and tends to short them out.
So the primary effect is on neurons in the brain
and in the body elsewhere.
Sensations and memory and that kind of thing.
It also has an impact along with barium and strontium,
a negative impact on the immune system.
If your immune system is depressed,
you're open to all kinds of diseases.
You're open to asthma, you're open to pneumonia,
you're open to just about anything that can
attack the human body.
Without the immune system to defend it,
you're susceptible to it.
So you see a very sharp rise in these
immune deficiency conditions in areas
that are getting heavily sprayed.
We had a doctor in Sedona whom I've also interviewed
who talks about what happens to his practice
on the heavy spray days and heavy spray weeks.
In Sedona.
Because there you have, people move there because
of obviously cobalt blue skies, and of course
they start spraying in the morning.
By the afternoon, you have a gray overcast day.
But on those days and those weeks where they spray,
his practice is overflowing with people with
upper respiratory problems.
I'm not surprised.
We ran into that too.
I'd be very interested in talking to this very--
Oh yes.
This same doctor if I could because
we're going to do a follow up and that's
the kind of thing we need is more evidence.
People say you didn't prove your case.
Well what is proof?
There's no such thing as absolute proof.
There's only such thing as evidence.
That might be that this piece of evidence
and that piece of evidence and this piece of evidence
all added together would convince me that
such and such is true.
Therefore it's proved to me.
But for you you might say I'm not convinced by that.
You need another piece of evidence and another piece.
And then it's proved to you.
So proof is a relative thing.
It's only the evidence that's sufficient to convince
a person that something is true.
A lot of people find this so hard to believe,
that they're resisting and they say,
"Well there must be a different reason,
"so you haven't proved it yet."
So we're gonna go back and keep getting the evidence
til finally anybody, even the most die hard skeptic,
has got to say, "Okay, that's an open and shut case."
Anecdotal evidence or not, his practice is booming.
Unhappily so, with people throughout these spray periods.
It's consistent.
So I'll get you in touch with him
as a matter of fact
Thank you, I'd like that.
We all had the experiences with our friends.
I was just visiting a fellow from north of us
by about 200 miles, he lives in the country.
But they're spraying out there in this farmland area.
So you know it's not just to reach the population.
They're trying to change the planet.
And he says, "I and everybody else out there,
"we've all these respiratory conditions
"always right after they're spraying."
So I think by now most people probably have either
that personal experience or they know someone who has.
Right. So we can look to that.
And also, this is anecdotal, we have to take it as hearsay,
but it's another interview we--
I will not mention this is way before we
even started CMN, was following this with another
Project Paperclip physicist.
They were capturing samples.
The physicists had a lab and he was analyzing them
and he said not only was there the aluminum
and barium in there but there are also bacterial
components and tuberculosis was one of them they found.
See, that blows your mind, doesn't it?
Why they can't even claim this is for the betterment
of humanity if they're putting a bacteria
and protein that is toxic to human function
into these things.
There's no defense for that.
If that's true, we're in big trouble.
Yes.
And it's a very hard subject to get real information on
because it's certainly suppressed and denied.
I think I told you off camera that I was hunting
this information down the best I could as a lone
investigative reporter before there were a lot of networks
for this stuff.
About 10 years ago.
And I got as high as the public information officer
for the FAA in this region, the southwestern region of
the United States.
Located in Los Angeles area.
And I said, "I keep calling all these people,"
and number one, the one thing I found right away
was it could be flying right over my head
but none of the local airports could report of
its flight pattern or its numbers or what that plane was.
They said, "Well, we don't have any, no,
"There's nothing overhead right now."
And I'd call and I knew the guy
that ran the local airport even.
No. Uh-uh.
And this happened region by region.
I'd get numbers on humidity factors
at upper elevations and altitudes and such--
Wow, good for you.
I did all that kinda stuff and it kept coming back,
no, uh-uh, meterological people, no such thing,
oh that's a myth.
And so finally--
And you're looking
at the plane right there.
I'm watching the plane go over my house.
And chemtrails all over.
I finally got through to the man at the FAA,
as I told you I'm saying this on camera so
other people know it.
I said, "Will no one give me any information regarding
"this because it's a military operation?
"Might that be why you can't tell me that
"that plane flew over my house?"
And he said, "Yes. End of discussion."
That's the only time--
And you said, "Did you record it?"
No, I did not record it, it's just my word.
But I was absolutely shocked that I even got that.
But if he thought he was being recorded,
you can't lie as a public information officer,
theoretically.
And at least he said that much.
Now that was something.
To me that was really crystal clear at that time.
What have you gone through on that same journey
where you've been repeatedly blocked
in getting information?
Or what have you gotten on that same journey?
I have not had anything like that
where people have stonewalled it or lied
or even admitted the truth,
because at my end of this project,
I had people in the field doing that, you see.
I was sort of the grandfather sitting back there tailing.
We'll do this and we'll do that and look out for this
and so forth.
So I had the easy part while the fellows out in the field
were butting up against the officials and the Congressmen
and all the political naysayers and so forth.
So I didn't have that experience,
but I know that they did.
I was present when Dennis Kucinich announced
he was running for President, his Presidency the first time
it was at the Marin Civic Center.
After his speech, one of the people in the audience said,
"You just eliminated chemtrails from your ban
"on space-space weapons."
That was a big deal.
Everyone on this issue was rallying behind Kucinich,
who I considered to be a very honest good man.
However, he said very simply, "If I didn't take it out,
"it was going to take everything down with it.
"I didn't have a choice."
Again, "Next."
Would not elaborate any more on the question.
So what he really said is that the powers that be
that really have the ability to kill a bill
had told him that that had to go.
Yes.
Because otherwise they would kill it, so.
Question again, why?
Why?
In your explorations
the why is, they're supposedly saying that they're doing
weather modification.
I've read other reports that say there could be
another military application by creating this
aluminum skin around the planet you bounce
signals off of and get certain kinds of radio signals
to identify troop movement and for military spying
applications.
What else have you found out?
Even if it's conjecture at this point,
without getting wild about it.
(laughs) Well it's wild enough as it is.
It is wild enough as it is.
If you just stick to the facts like the evidence
of the chemicals coming out of the sky,
that's hard enough for people to accept
even though you've the lab tests and everything.
Everything's right there.
But you know, these people have practiced the art
of denial or plausible denial so well,
and it works.
For example, there was one website that came out
specifically to debunk our film.
They said, "Don't pay attention to their readings
"of the aluminum up on Mount Shasta.
"That's doesn't mean anything," they said.
Why not?
Said, "Look, Mount Shasta everybody knows
"it's a ski resort, right?
"Now there are people skiing up there.
"And do you know what's at the bottom of skis?
"Aluminum, that's where the aluminum came from."
And you know there were people that sent us
emails and letters and say, "Oh read this,
"because here's the explanation as to why you found
"aluminum in the snow up there.
"Came from the skis."
People believe any plausible denial if
it's more comfortable to believe it.
The truth of the matter by the way is
that where this snow was taken there was
no skiing there.
(laughter drowns out speech)
But anyway, the art of plausible denial works so well.
If it works well with the situation where we have evidence,
hard evidence like the chemical analysis,
can you imagine how well it would work in
these other fields where we really don't have
as much evidence now as we should?
We will, by the way, 'cause I think the day is coming
when they'll be some real serious whistleblowers.
We've already had contact with a couple of people
on the inside, and they said, "We know that what you say
"is true, but we cannot speak on it,
"or it'll cost us our jobs, or worse."
I've tried to encourage these people to come forth anyway,
but they haven't.
Someday somebody will.
I hear it's very compartmentalized on the ground.
The people that fuel versus the people that
put this particular substance in or on board
are very separate from one another,
I've heard from other people in the military.
So no one really knows what the other one's doing.
It used to be very upsetting to me to think,
what does that pilot think he's doing?
Maybe that pilot's really not clear on what he's doing.
He's just buying the agenda,
he knows he's doing something.
I'm sure he's been told that whatever it is
he's doing is for the best of mankind.
It's probably been told that they're fighting
global warming, but it's a top secret operation
because you know there are a lot of idiots out there
who won't appreciate that, so we'll keep it a secret.
We don't wanna get politically controversial,
so just keep it a secret, and by the way,
here's your bonus.
Right. Right.
And that works, you know?
Yeah, bonuses work and also losing your employment
and everything else works on the other side
if you are going to break the code and speak about it.
One of the people I'm talking about is a pilot,
by the way, but he just doesn't feel
he's free to say.
Does he know what he's doing?
This one doesn't know but he's pretty sure.
He's pretty sure.
He knows they're spraying and all he knows is
what they've told that it's good for,
but he's questioning and that's the beginning
of this process.
And then when he finally figures out that his own family
is breathing this stuff, and his own food and his water
supply contains this stuff, and that it's shortening
their lives and making them susceptible to diseases,
and reducing their fertility rate,
and all of these things, one of these guys is gonna say,
"I don't care, I'm gonna speak the truth."
And that's what we're waiting for.
This is a particularly--
the reason I haven't really covered this for CMN
is because it's one of those things
that makes a person feel helpless
and that's a terrible position for anyone.
So many people say, "Look, if I can't do anything
"about it, I don't wanna know about it."
I always grapple with how do you present something
when you don't have an obvious--
there's not an obvious solution presenting itself,
how do you deal with that,
and how do we deal with that right now,
with the viewers watching this, who may or may not
have been convinced until now?
I've come to grips with that a long time ago.
My conclusion is a little bit pessimistic,
but then the longer I've thought about it,
the more optimistic it becomes.
So what is that?
The conclusion is that the majority of people
will never want to step up and run against
the popular opinion.
Whatever it is, they don't have it within them
to be upstream.
It's more comfortable to go along
and we'll never change them.
So that's the pessimistic part.
The optimistic part is that we don't have to change them,
because society is always led and influenced by
about 3% or less of the population.
Those who say, "By golly, I'm gonna do this."
Sometimes on the wrong side, but for whatever reason
they are the leaders, the born leaders,
the ones that say, "I'm not gonna just sit by here
"and wonder where this boat is going.
"I'm gonna grab an oar or a rudder."
1%, 2%, 3% of the population at most.
Those are the people I'm talking to.
Those are the ones I wanna meet, because I know
if we can get that 3% or whatever it is
all in unison and doing something about it,
we can overcome that 51, 58, 60% of the population
that just doesn't want to make waves.
And then that 3% I assume you're saying,
can, if we're squeaky enough wheels out there,
that ultimately some pressure can be applied, or?
I go even further than that.
I don't think that being a squeaky wheel
is necessarily the ultimate answer.
We do have to squeak a lot if
you wanna get attention,
but by and large the people we're asking
to give us the attention are the very ones
who are opposing us.
In other words, they're the ones in political positions
of authority and power.
I don't think that writing a letter to your Congressman
on this issue is gonna work.
No, it doesn't.
Because he's part of the problem.
Exactly.
He knows what's going on,
but he's already made his deal with somebody, you know?
So I think ultimately it's not squeaking the wheel,
or making the wheel squeak,
but to replace to wheel.
Let's get new people in there.
Let's ourselves go into positions of influence
and leadership.
Let's go run for office, for example.
We have an organization we call
Freedom Force International, and one of our
big projects right now, we call it Project City Hall.
It's based on our unofficial motto,
the unofficial motto is don't fight City Hall,
when you can be City Hall.
Yeah, that's great.
This is great.
It's time to stop sending letters to Congressmen
and saying, "Won't you please follow the Constitution
"for a change?"
Doesn't do any good.
Never will, that's not why they're there.
We gotta get those guys replaced with people
who think like we do.
That's why we say run for City Hall, run for dogcatcher,
go onto your school board, go into your city council,
go into your county board of supervisors,
whatever it is, go into local politics and then
work your way up.
If thousands of people do that,
eventually then we can influence all of society.
It's not just being a squeaky wheel.
We have to change the wheel.
To have to change the wheel, perfectly put.
I love your website, Unfiltered News.
Just love it.
I didn't know you watched it.
Oh yeah, absolutely, like I said,
we post from you and you know as I'm thinking about this,
there are a couple things that come up.
Our bodies are taking in this aluminum and barium
unless we're--someone is watching from
some very tiny little island they haven't gotten
around to somewhere, it's all over the NATO countries,
this is Europe, Britain, everywhere.
That they're spraying.
It is, yeah.
I'm just thinking one of the things we've been learning
more about recently is dirty electricity
which activates and moves around all the toxic metals
in the body and makes everything even worse.
It seems like there might be a number of ways in which
we can create our own homegrown protocols
for the moment, to start at least taking care of our bodies
as best we can, assuming that we're being exposed
to all of this, and I think that might be an area
that I would like to start looking into.
Start looking at how to make a clean electric environment
in the house and then maybe start using chlorella
and greens and things to start leaching this stuff
out of the body as best we can.
Any other ideas on that?
I certainly agree with you on that.
We have to play a double role.
We have to be defensive to protect ourselves
as best we can, but I think we have to be realistic
and recognize that if we don't change the system,
we don't change that wheel in other words,
that won't make anything difference.
It's just gonna continue going the other way.
As long as we understand that the defensive role
is not enough, I think we should do that,
but meanwhile we should begin to think in terms
of becoming aggressive and bringing about change,
so we're not just trying to survive the system.
We need to change the system.
Hear, hear.
Thank you so much.
On that note, I know they're waiting for you
for a book signing upstairs, so I have to let you go.
And thank you so much for your time, Ed.
My pleasure.
If you've not already done so, it's worth
beginning your own research on this subject,
which can take you down a couple of unexpected
rabbit holes.
If you don't wanna go that direction,
then follow Ed's advice and begin looking at how we
can take public action against those who are
not looking out for our best interests.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(eerie music)